All the last lectures we create are basic to do application.
We got very little HVM code but quite a bit of Javascript code which makes sense because we have a very
dynamic application here and we create and remove elements via javascript.
We need to get access to these elements then we need to create new traduce here one issue is the idea
it is not truly unique.
We could fix this by using the timestamp but still not the great greatest way of doing it here.
Then we create the element manually in a script we have that we store the ID in the dorm.
Attached to this element and then we remove to do like there's also getting access to the target removing
it manually.
And what's this all works.
It is a lot of code.
We route route there and managing the state for example finding out which to do we deleted already got
a little bit complicated.
And I guess you can imagine this getting more and more complicated if you add more functionalities like
being able to load it to do for editing or something like that.
So data's live on the shell script might not be everything we need if vanilla javascript is not everything
we need.
How could we improve to code with some libraries some javascript libraries for example Cheikh Who are
you.
Orlow dash.
Now what is a javascript library.
A javascript library is simply a third party package of javascript code which gives you a lot of typically
functions.
Objects you can use to make your life easier.
So the editors of the library already wrote an optimized a lot of code you would have to write otherwise
so that you can use simplified function of achieving the same you that before.
But now with less code allowing you to focus on your business logic and since you use less code to also
write less error prone code that is what a library does.
And here I only mention two.
Of course there are many many many javascript libraries for different types of jobs and different types
of things and we'll have a look at these libraries.
So let's improve our existing application with the two libraries we see here to always see why using
libraries like these might be beneficial to us.